What is Core Gamemplay Looking like?
  The gameplay is centered around running through a dungeon/world that is procedurally generated with combinations of elements and movesets that can vary the player's gameplay.

What is the element system?
  The element system consists of 4 base elements: [Fire], [Water], [Wind], [Earth]. Within the elements, they have special mechanics tied to each element, what each element does is currently TBD.
  Tentatively, the player will start with the fire element.
  A player is able to hold up to 2 elements per run, thus giving them the ability to mutate elements to achieve.
  Of the 4 elements, upon acquiring a second element and entering a special room, you are able to combine the two elements to mutate them. These mutations will combine the mechanic of each element.  
  Elements will drop from bosses and can be purchased in a shop area from merchants in bottles o' elements.

What is the move system?
  In combination with the element system, we have moves that will be able to change the attack and gameplay of the player.
  Moves are able to be obtained through room rewards, shop, and boss drops.
  Moves and elements can go hand-in-hand depending on the type of move (multi-hit, high base dmg, etc) and the mechanic/effect of the element.
  There will be a selection of special moves that will have a low chance to spawn in shop and low chance to drop from bosses. These moves are more specifically tailored to the element they are compatible with.

How is level design/boss design going to work?
  The level/world design will be procedurally generated based on the randomly selected element of the world.
  The boss of the world will be of that element and will drop that element when defeated.
  This world generation will allow us to insert mechanics of elements to go against the player, along with vary base enemies based on elements.
  There will be 4 worlds based on the element selected, with a pending 5th "Big Boss" world where elements are mixed.
  The first world, up to the defeat of the first boss, will be scripted to introduce the players to the mechanics of the game, afterwards, it will be a randomly selected elemental world generation with no repetitions.

What's the Starting Area looking like?
  Once the player has obtained an element, that element will be added as an unlockable option to the altar. The element can then be unlocked through the acquired dungeon currency to enable the player to start with that element.
  Upon upgrading this altar, players can the option of selecting two elements to start the run with instead of just one.
  
  In the same sense, moves (aside from special moves) that the player has encountered will be recorded on a lectern, and this lectern will operate similarly to the element altar.
